<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="d71e572"><title>Modify Registry Settings for Firewalls in Secure
    Environments</title><taskbody><context><note>
      <p>This procedure is applicable only for environments with
      firewalls.</p>
    </note><p>The Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM) dynamically allocates
    one port to each process. You need to decide how many ports you want to
    allocate to DCOM processes, which is equivalent to the number of
    simultaneous DCOM processes through the firewall. You must open all of the
    UDP and TCP ports corresponding to the port numbers you choose. You also
    need to open TCP/UDP 135, which is used for <uicontrol outputclass="guilabel">RPC End Point
    Mapping</uicontrol>, among other things. In addition, you must edit the
    registry to tell DCOM which ports you reserved. You do this with the
    <filepath>HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINES\Software\Microsoft\Rpc\Internet</filepath>
    registry key, which you will probably have to create.</p><p>To allow remote registry access for the performance data to be read,
    see <xref href="http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;164018" scope="external" format="html">Controlling
    remote Performance Monitor access to Windows NT servers.</xref></p><p>The following table shows the registry settings to restrict DCOMs
    port range to 10 ports.</p>
      
      <table>
      <title>Firewall and Registry Settings for DCOM</title>

      <tgroup cols="3">
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Registry Key</entry>
            <entry>Type</entry>
            <entry>Setting</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>

        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><p>Ports</p></entry>
            <entry><p><codeph outputclass="literal">REG_MULTI_SZ</codeph></p></entry>
            <entry><p>Range of port. Can be multiple lines such as:
            3001-3010 135</p></entry>
          </row>

          <row>
            <entry><p>PortsInternetAvailable</p></entry>
            <entry><p><codeph outputclass="literal">REG_SZ</codeph></p></entry>
            <entry><p><codeph outputclass="literal">Y</codeph></p></entry>
          </row>

          <row>
            <entry><p>UseInternetPorts</p></entry>
            <entry><p><codeph outputclass="literal">REG_SZ</codeph></p></entry>
            <entry><p><codeph outputclass="literal">Y</codeph></p></entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table><p>These registry settings must be established in addition to all
    firewall settings.</p></context></taskbody></task>
