<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task
  PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="d71e197"><title>Defining Windows Credentials</title><taskbody><context><p>A connection to a Windows device cannot be established without a
      valid set of credentials. The <varname>zWinUser</varname> and
      <varname>zWinPassword</varname> configuration properties can be set for
      each device or for an entire device class.</p><note type="tip">
        <p>The user needs to be a member of the local administrators or of
        the domain administrators group unless the steps in  are followed.</p>
      </note><p>To set these configuration properties:</p></context><steps-informal><ol>
        <li>
          <p>Navigate to the device or device class in the <ph conkeyref="names/platform"/> interface.</p>

          <ul>
            <li>
              <p>If applying changes to a device class:</p>

              <ol>
                <li>
                  <p>Select the class in the devices hierarchy.</p>
                </li>

                <li>
                  <p>Click <b>Details</b>.</p>
                </li>

                <li>
                  <p>Select Configuration Properties.</p>
                </li>
              </ol>
            </li>

            <li>
              <p>If applying changes to a device:</p>

              <ol>
                <li>
                  <p>Click the device in the device list.</p>
                </li>

                <li>
                  <p>Select Configuration Properties.</p>
                </li>
              </ol>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Edit appropriate configuration properties for the device or
          devices.</p>

          <table>
            <title>Windows Performance Configuration Properties</title>
            <tgroup cols="2">
              <thead>
                <row>
                  <entry>Name</entry>
                  <entry>Description</entry>
                </row>
              </thead>

              <tbody>
                <row>
                  <entry><p>zWinUser</p></entry>
                  <entry><p>Windows user with privileges to gather
                  performance information. Like all Windows credentials, the
                  domain should be specified in the
                  <varname>zWinUser</varname> entry. Use
                  <codeph outputclass="literal">.\<varname outputclass="replaceable">username</varname></codeph> for
                  an account that is not in the domain but only on the local
                  computer.</p></entry>
                </row>

                <row>
                  <entry><p>zWinPassword</p></entry>
                  <entry><p>Password for the above user.</p></entry>
                </row>
              </tbody>
            </tgroup>
          </table>
        </li>

        <li>
          <p>Click <uicontrol outputclass="guibutton">Save</uicontrol> to save your changes.</p>
        </li>
      </ol></steps-informal></taskbody></task>
